Right now I'm serving in the Central America branch and I have the opportunity to work
with extraordinary brothers and sisters, both here and in other parts of the world.
My name is Rogelio.
I'm part of the art department and I'm a digital illustrator.
Music really means the world to me.
I am Joyce.
I am a pioneer and I sing Alta in the Bethel Corus.
My name is Lulen and I serve as a regular pioneer in a congregation where there's a need.
I love doing that.
My life is wonderful.
Seeing people's faces light up when you teach them God's name or when you tell them of Jehovah's
promises for us, fills me with great joy.
My name is Jose Marten.
I serve as a regular pioneer and as an elder in the congregation.
Ever since I was little, I've always loved playing soccer and that was my biggest dream.
My goal was to become a professional soccer player.
The truth is, setting goals was always difficult for me because I always had two passions.
Am I a servant of Jehovah or an artist?
My goal was to become the best gymnast in the world.
At that moment, gymnastics were number one in my life.
I played at big festivals, standing ovation, that was amazing.
I was surrounded by non-witnesses using drugs, smoking, swearing.
My trainer had mapped out a complete training program with the Olympics as a goal.
This would make me feel trapped.
I started thinking, what do I want to do with my life?
More importantly, what does Jehovah want?
When I was studying design, I was already a regular pioneer.
It wasn't easy for me to come to the understanding that the one who really matters is Jehovah.
When I was 16 years old, different teams started offering me high-paying contracts.
I felt a lot of pressure and it was a temptation because they would constantly call me and come to my house.
I noticed that when the players played the sport, they were happy.
But afterwards, they weren't.
My mother was in the full-time service and I saw her happiness.
That motivated me because I too wanted to experience that lasting happiness.
I felt a little guilty when I thought of how much of myself I was giving to design and art and all of that.
So that's when I made my decision.
I decided to leave university and focus on my service.
I realized that for a long time, I hadn't been growing spiritually.
I prayed intensely to Jehovah.
I asked, do I know you?
Do I live the way you would want?
And after that, I stopped performing with non-witnesses.
I prayed to Jehovah.
And then, at the convention, we received a DVD young people ask, what will I do with my life?
That really was Jehovah's answer to my prayers.
In the Bible, it says that the truth will set you free.
That freedom is something I never used to feel.
I love working together with other sisters in the ministry to see how they share my enthusiasm for making return visits and conducting Bible studies.
It's just wonderful to see.
To wake up each day, knowing that I'm going to do something new for Jehovah is extraordinary.
It's an unbelievable blessing. It's like living a dream.
I feel that I belong to a global organization and we are all going in the same direction.
It's something really wonderful for me.
To sing for Jehovah is the most beautiful privilege I could ever imagine.
One of the biggest blessings is that I have a real friendship with Jehovah.
Friendship with my brothers and sisters, young or old, it doesn't matter.
I am really happy that when Jehovah looks at me, I feel his approval.
That makes me happy.
My trust in Jehovah has grown stronger.
The way I communicate with him continues to improve.
And I also love my assignment of being a regular pioneer and elder and to be able to support the brothers and sisters.
To continue to be among Jehovah's people, that's the joy I was looking for and I found it.